Add source freshness examples dbt_project.yml file + update Combining configs (#7439)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/source-configs.md

```
</File>

#### Configure source freshness

> Use a `freshness` block to define the acceptable amount of time between the most recent record and now for a table to be considered "fresh". You can provide one or both of `warn_after` and `error_after` parameters. If neither is provided, then dbt will not calculate freshness snapshots for the tables in this source. For more information, see [freshness](/reference/resource-properties/freshness).

Reviewer: This is technically correct, but it jumps straight to the "what/how" - I suggest starting with a sentence about "why" 
```suggestion
Use a `freshness` block to define expectations about how frequently a table is updated with new data, and to raise warnings and/or errors when those expectation are not met.

dbt will compare the most recent upate timestamp (calculated from a column, warehouse metadata, or custom query) against the current timestamp when the freshness check is running.

You can provide one or both of `warn_after` and `error_after` parameters. If neither is provided, then dbt will not calculate freshness snapshots for the tables in this source. For more information, see [freshness](/reference/resource-properties/freshness).
```

> Use a `freshness` block to define the acceptable amount of time between the most recent record and now, for a table to be considered "fresh". You can provide one or both of `warn_after` and `error_after` parameters. If neither is provided, then dbt will not calculate freshness snapshots for the tables in this source. For more information, see [freshness](/reference/resource-properties/freshness).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use a `freshness` block to define the acceptable amount of time between the most recent record and now for a table to be considered "fresh". You can provide one or both of `warn_after` and `error_after` parameters. If neither is provided, then dbt will not calculate freshness snapshots for the tables in this source. For more information, see [freshness](/reference/resource-properties/freshness).
```
